---
keywords: fastai
title: Lesson 12/13 Hacks
categories: [Lessons]
toc: true
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-12-13-Lesson1213.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-12-13-Lesson1213.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p><strong>3.12 Part 1 Hacks</strong></p>
<p>Problem 1</p>
<p>Qais is writing code to calculate formulas from his math class. He's currently working on a procedure to calculate average speed, based on this formula:</p>
<p>Average speed=</p>
<p>Total Time/Total Distance​</p>
<p>Highlight which of these is the best procedure for calculating and displaying average speed.</p>
<p><mark>PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) { DISPLAY (distance/time) }<mark>
PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance) { DISPLAY (distance/time) }
PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) { DISPLAY (time/distance) }</p>
<p>The first procedure uses the correct parameters AND the correct formula for average speed, and is therefore the best procedure for the context.</p>
<p>Problem 2</p>
<p>James Hunter is looking through his classmate's program and sees a procedure called heightenEmotions: PROCEDURE heightenEmotions(myEmotion)</p>
<p>{ moreEnergy ← CONCAT(myEmotion, "!!!")</p>
<p>moreVolume ← UPPER(moreEnergy)</p>
<p>RETURN moreVolume }</p>
<p>That procedure manipulates strings using two built-in procedures, CONCAT for concatenating two strings together, and UPPER for converting a string to uppercase.</p>
<p>James Hunter then sees this line of code:</p>
<p>heightenEmotions("im mad")</p>
<p>After that line of code runs, will nothing be displayed?</p>
<p><mark>True<mark></p>
<p>False</p>
<p>Problem 3</p>
<p>Bubz is writing a program to calculate the carbon footprint of his activities. The procedure calcFlightFootprint calculates the pounds of carbon dioxide produced per passenger in a flight that covers a given number of miles and seats a given number of passengers.</p>
<p>PROCEDURE calcFlightFootprint(numMiles, numPassengers) { CO2_PER_MILE ← 53.29</p>
<p>carbonPerFlight ← numMiles * CO2_PER_MILE</p>
<p>carbonPerPassenger ← carbonPerFlight / numPassengers</p>
<p>RETURN carbonPerPassenger</p>
<p>}</p>
<p>Bubz wants to use that procedure to calculate the total footprint for his two upcoming flights: LA to NY: 2,451 miles and 118 passengers NY to London: 3,442 miles and 252 passengers</p>
<p>Which of these code snippets successfully calculates and stores her total footprint? Highlight 2 answers.</p>
<p><mark>1. totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) + calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252)<mark></p>
<ol>
<li>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118 + 3442, 252)</li>
</ol>
<p><mark>3. totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint((2451, 118) + (3442, 252))<mark></p>
<ol>
<li>laNyCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) nyLondonCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252) totalFootprint ← laNyCarbon + nyLondonCarbon</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>3.12 Part 2 Hacks</strong></p>
<p>PROCEDURE find a ()</p>
<p>{ c -- 9</p>
<p>b &lt;-- 9 * 9</p>
<p>a &lt;-- b * c</p>
<p>Print (a)</p>
<p>}</p>
<p>What is a?</p>
<p><mark>a = 729<mark></p>
<p>cost ⟵ 173 tax - 10%</p>
<p>PROCEDURE applytax (cost, cpercentDiscounted) { temp &lt;-- 100 + percentTaxed</p>
<p>temp &lt;-- temp / 100</p>
<p>cost &lt;-- cost x temp</p>
<p>Print(cost)}</p>
<p>What is the cost?</p>
<p>110/100 = 1.1</p>
<p>173 * 1.1 = <mark>$190.30<mark></p>
<p>Tempature - 103 Degrees</p>
<p>PROCEDURE convet Fahrenheit (tempature)</p>
<p>{</p>
<p>Celsius &lt;-- tempature - 32</p>
<p>Celsius &lt;-- Celsius x 5/9</p>
<p>Print (Celsius)}</p>
<p>( 103 - 32 ) * (5/9) = <mark>39.444<mark></p>
<p><strong>3.13 Hacks</strong></p>
<h1 id="1.-Create-a-procedure-that-is-meant-to-replace-the-top-running-backs-yards-per-game-in-one-season-if-the-current-running-back-has-more-yards-per-game">1. Create a procedure that is meant to replace the top running backs yards per game in one season if the current running back has more yards per game<a class="anchor-link" href="#1.-Create-a-procedure-that-is-meant-to-replace-the-top-running-backs-yards-per-game-in-one-season-if-the-current-running-back-has-more-yards-per-game"> </a></h1><p>Necessary Parameters: toprbyardspg(100), currentrbyards(1260), totalGames(12)</p>
<p>PROCEDURE replaceTop(toprbyardspg(100), currentrbyards(1260), totalGames(12))
{
    IF currentrbyards(1260) &gt; toprbyardspg(100)
    {
        toprbyardspg(100) = currentrbyards(1260
    }
}</p>
<h1 id="2.-Write-a-procedure-that-will-allow-the-A+-to-get-to-the-1,-while-avoiding-the-black-boxes.">2. Write a procedure that will allow the A+ to get to the 1, while avoiding the black boxes.<a class="anchor-link" href="#2.-Write-a-procedure-that-will-allow-the-A+-to-get-to-the-1,-while-avoiding-the-black-boxes."> </a></h1><p>Use what you learned about moving robots</p>
<p>PROCEDURE getOne()
{
    MOVE_RIGHT()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_RIGHT()
    MOVE_RIGHT()
    MOVE_RIGHT()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_LEFT()
    MOVE_LEFT()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_LEFT()
    MOVE_LEFT()
}</p>
<p>Which Is the Correct Way to define the Name of a Procedure?</p>
<p>A. PROCEDURE MYLIST</p>
<p><mark>B. PROCEDURE MyList<mark></p>
<p>C. procedure mylist</p>
<p>Write A Procedure That gets the BeachBall To the Green Square</p>
<p>PROCEDURE ballSquare()
{
    MOVE_LEFT()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_UP()
    MOVE_LEFT()
    MOVE_LEFT()
}</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

