---
toc: true
layout: post
categories: [Lessons]
title: 5.5 and 5.6 Lesson Questions
---

<h2>5.5 Blog Post Reflection</h2>

When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in your personal blog.

Out repository doesn't seem to be using the license as the section shows none. Some other licenses available include the MIT license, Apache License 2.0, Boost Software License 1.0, and more. These licenses protect your original work when it is published for the public to access. It makes it so that others cannot take credit for something that you created.

In your blog, summarize the discussions and personal analysis on Software Licenses/Options, Digital Rights, and other Legal and Ethical thoughts from this College Board topic.

We talked about how it is important to use a license, so that your work cannot be stolen or claimed as another person's. This adheres to principles of intellectual property, and keeping track of aspects of your project that use others' work.

Make a license for your personal (blog) and Team repositories for the CPT project. Be sure to have a license for both Team GitHub repositories (frontend/backend). Document license(s) you picked and why. FYI, frontend, since it is built on GitHub pages may come with a license and restrictions. Document in blog how team made license choice and process of update.

I chose to use an MIT License which allows use of my code, and puts limited restrictions on how it can be used. Because my project is low in importance compared to the code of large companies, I feel it should be easy to access for my peers and teacher. I may later decide to further protect my repository if I decide to develop a full functioning website.

The process included making a LICENSE.md file, and selecting a type of license. Once I chose the MIT License, it automatically added information to the markdown file, and then asked me to merge the branches. 

<h2>5.6 Blog Post Reflection:</h2>

Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.
Full name, birthday, ID, classOf (when said person graduated)

My specific project: 
- User's allergies
- User's skintype
- Full name

What are your feelings about PII and your personal exposure?

I think that PII is important for some programs, as it provides best personalization while also giving the user an opportunity to revisit their results.

Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.

Bad passwords include minimal variation (no capital/lowcase letters, symbols) and commonly used information (pets, names, birthdays, usernames). This is because common information is easily guessed, and it is more likely for someone to guess a password without random symbols or capitalized letters.

Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.

Symmetric uses a private key to encrypt the information, while asymmetric used a public key for encryption. A private key is neccesdary to decrypt information.
https://blog.mailfence.com/symmetric-vs-asymmetric-encryption/#:~:text=Symmetric%20encryption%20uses%20a%20private,her%20private%20key%20to%20decrypt.

Provide an example of encryption we used in AWS deployment.

We used unique keys for each application. For example, each person needs a different number to run their local host 80:86, 80:87, etc.

Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.

I have been dmed on instagram and asked for "help" when they were really trying to get my personal information. This often happened when someone I follow or who followed me gets hacked, and the hacker tries to gain for information from that person's followers.
