---
toc: true
layout: base
categories: [Create Performance Task]
title: 5.1 and 5.2 Questions Blog
---

Individual: 5.1, 5.2 Blog

Blog Post Reflection 5.1

Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing

Benefits:
1. Solving complex problems faster
2. Reduce bias
3. Innovation and modern solutions to modern problems

Harm:
1. Lack of human empathy
2. Limits the problems that can be solved
3. Cannot input human preferances

Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?

I do not know the scientific specifics, I do think that the more of our happiness we derive from technology, the less we will enjoy activities that are healthy both mentally and physically. I think everything is good in moderation, especially when it comes to technology. Used for both entertainment and school work, high schoolers should learn how to properly divide their time (rather than attributing their lack of productiveness to the tech itself).


Blog Post Reflection 5.2

How does someone empower themself in a digital world?

Someone can empower themself in the digital world by using it as a resource as opposed to a distraction. The digital world is also a tool for advocacy, so empowering someone's marginalzied group can be done through social media. 

How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS.

Teaching people how to properly use their technology, and learn how to get accurate information is important for both high school and life after graduaton. In Del Norte, all students are given access to the physical technology, but often lack the knowledge to utilize it to its full potential. This can be changed by helping your peers and encouraging people to take technology based coursed.

Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?

I think red tape is blocking digital empowerment. While paper is the physical alternative, the traditionalist mindset has done more to counter the implementation of technology into various aspects of life. I believe that Del Norte has less of this mindset barrier, as we preach innovaton and have the financial ability to make technology accesible. This may be more difficult in other schools, especially those in lower income communities.

Think of three beneficial effects of your projects based on 5.1 Unit

1. User friendly
2. Faster than in-person evaluation
3. No cost

Think of a potential harmful effect of your project.

1. Evaluations are limited
2. Liable for harm done to person (unless contract displayed)
3. Cannot give medical advice, like a dermatologist can

What are pros/cons on internet blockers at router and lack of admin password on lab machines at school?
Pro: Limits ability of non-admins to add, update, or delete important information
Con: Also limits ability of student to personalize their project from machines on school

What concerns do you have personally about the digital divide?  For yourself or for others.
Without a personal computer, individuals will struggle to gain a full understanding of hardware and software that will be used in the real world.
